4. Robocorp is good at (choose all that apply)

Choose as many as you like

A: Robocorp can automate systems with a graphical user interface (GUI).
B: Robocorp can automate systems with REST APIs.
C: Robocorp can automate systems without a graphical user interface (GUI).

Ans: A,B,C

5. What is the name of the pattern you used to develop the sales system API robot?This question is required.*

A: Director-assistant
B: Producer-consumer
C: Manufacturer-buyer
D: Creator-user
E: Manager-developer

Ans: B

6. The small chunks of work at the core of the pattern-that-shall-not-be-named are called:This question is required.*
Tip: This is mentioned in the course.

A: Stuffs
B: My preciouses
C: Work items
D: Packages
E: Thingies
F: Packets
G: Hobbitses

Ans: C

7. Which items are mentioned in the course and true (choose Two):This question is required.*

A: Business exceptions can be distinguished from other exceptions by exception type.
B: A business exception might be caused by, for example, invalid data.
C: A business exception typically goes away by retrying the failing action many times.
D: A business exception is a normal exception that is wearing formal clothing.

Ans: AB

8. What are Work Items for (choose all that apply:
Choose as many as you like

A: Work items can be used for measuring automation business value.
B: Work items are useful when building error-tolerant automations.
C: Work items enable parallel processing of work.
D: Work items are good for tracking the flow of work through a process.

Ans: ABCD

9. To make your code easier to follow you should (choose the most correct answer):This question is required.*
Tip: When the business process and the technical implementation use the same terminology, it is easier to understand and describe the automation.

A: Using short one-character variable names makes your robot go super fast.
B: Using business terms in code makes it easier to understand the connection between the robot logic and the process you are automating.
C: The two easiest things in programming are cache invalidation and naming things.
D: Avoiding business terminology in robot code is a best practice.
E: Since code is technical, it is better to use just technical terms when coding instead of business terms.

Ans: B

10. Using robot templates to kickstart your projects (Choose 2)

A: Ensures you have a working foundation to build on.
B: Is a great idea as long as you understand what the template provides and how it works.
C: Is only meant for beginners. Professionals never use templates, ever.
D: Should always be avoided.

Ans: AB

11. How can you improve your code (choose Three)

A: "Don't repeat yourself" principle is about avoiding duplication.
B: Opportunistic refactoring means any time someone sees code that isn't as clear as it should be, they should take the opportunity to fix it right there and then.
C: Duplicating code makes it easier to maintain your project.
D: Placing all your robot code in a single file is always the best option, no matter how much code you have.
E: Breaking code down into smaller pieces is a software development best practice.

Ans: ABE

12. Assume you are implementing a large robot and choose the most correct answer:This question is required.*
Tip: Assume you are implementing a large robot.

A: It is best to implement the full robot before testing it to catch all the issues at the same time.
B: The conda.yaml configuration file defines the tasks of the robot.
C: Implementing your robot in small increments and testing it often is important.

Ans: C

13. If you want to store files in Control Room's artifacts section, your robot should place the files:This question is required.*
Tip: Try it out.

A: Inside the devdata folder.
B: Inside the output folder defined in the robot.yaml configuration file.
C: On your desktop.
D: On your external hard drive.
E: At the root of the robot folder.

Ans: B

14. Which of the following apply:
A: You can write your own libraries to transform data.
B: The free version of Robocorp does not support data transformation.
C: You can use Python libraries to transform data.
D: You can use RPA Framework libraries to transform data.

Ans: ACD

15. What did you learn about POST requests? 
Choose all that apply:
A: The RPA.Request.Post library is used for making POST requests.
B: By design, the POST request method requests that a web server accept the data enclosed in the body of the request message, most likely for storing it.
C: As part of a POST request, an arbitrary amount of data of any type can be sent to the server in the body of the request message.

Ans: BC

16. The robocorp library that provides work item support is called:
Tip: You used this library in the course.

A: robocorp-json
B: RPA.Robocorp.WorkDataManagement
C: RPA.Robocloud.Stuffs
D: RPA.Robo.Hobbitses
E: robocorp-workitems

Ans: E


17. In local development
A: Work items are stored as one CSV file, one row per work item.
B: Work items are stored as separate CSV files, one file per work item.
C: Work items are stored as one YAML file, one entry per work item.
D: Work items are stored as a JSON file, one file per producer robot run.

Ans:D

18. According to Robocorp's Library documentation, which of the following are correct (choose all that apply):This question is required.*
Choose as many as you like
A: The RPA.Tables library supports writing a table into CSV.
B: The RPA.Tables library supports filtering data.
C: The RPA.Tables library supports sorting data.
D: The RPA.Tables library supports grouping data.
E: The RPA.Tables library supports finding rows that match a condition for a given column.
F: The RPA.Tables library supports merging tables.

Ans: ABCDEF

19. How can you return multiple values from a function call:This question is required.*
Tip: This is covered in the course.

A: Python allows you to return multiple values separated by comma(s)
B: Define an object containing all the data you need and return that one
C: Return only one and guess the others
D: Define multiple functions that have the same logic and each one will return a different value

Ans: A

20. When you want to mark work item as completed, you:This question is required.*
Tip: This is covered in the course.

A: Set it free.
B: Hug it and say goodbye.
C: Release it.
D: Use the Mark_work_item_as_completed() function.
E: Let it out of the door into the wilderness

Ans: C

21. Work items support the following exception types (choose 2)
A: API
B: BUSINESS
C: SOFTWARE
D: UI
E: DATABASE
F: APPLICATION

Ans:BF






